content/page/imprint-and-data-protection.mdx, before:

---
title: Imprint and Data Protection
---

## Contact

opensource.construction<br />
8004 Zurich

[info@opensource.construction](mailto:info@opensource.construction)

## Website & Hosting

The design of this website has been developed by [stuiq](https://www.stuiq.ch/).

The content and code of this website is available as open source on [GitHub]() - code licensed as [MIT](https://github.com/opensource-construction/website/blob/main/LICENSE), content under [CC BY-SA 4.0](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/). We invite you to contribute to content or code.

The website is hosted on [Vercel](https://vercel.com).

## Disclaimer

The authorship does not guarantee the correctness, accuracy, timeliness, reliability and completeness of the information. Liability claims regarding damage caused by the use of any information provided, including any kind of information which is incomplete or incorrect, will therefore be rejected. All offers are non-binding. Parts of the pages or the complete publication including all offers and information might be extended, changed or partly or completely deleted by the author without separate announcement.

## Liability for links

References and links to websites of third parties are outside our area of responsibility. We decline any responsibility for such websites. Access to and use of such websites is at the user's own risk.

## Copyrights

The copyrights and all other rights to the content, images, photos or other files on the website belong exclusively to opensource.construction or to the specifically named rights holders. The written consent of the copyright holders must be obtained in advance for the reproduction of any elements.

## Data protection

Based on Article 13 of the Swiss Federal Constitution and the data protection regulations of the Swiss Confederation (Data Protection Act, DSG), every person has the right to protection of their privacy as well as protection against misuse of their personal data. We comply with these provisions. Personal data is treated as strictly confidential and is neither sold nor passed on to third parties.

In close cooperation with our hosting providers, we strive to protect the databases as well as possible against unauthorized access, loss, misuse or falsification.

When you access our web pages, the following data is stored in log files: IP address, date, time, browser request and general transmitted information about the operating system or browser. This usage data forms the basis for statistical, anonymous evaluations, so that trends can be identified, which we can use to improve our offers accordingly.

## Privacy policy

This website uses Vercel Analytics for analytics. You can read more in the [Vercel Terms of Service](https://vercel.com/docs/analytics/privacy-policy).

The purpose of us using this software is to understand our website traffic so that we can continually improve our website and business. The lawful basis as per the GDPR is "f); where our legitimate interests are to improve our website and business continually." As per the explanation, no personal data is stored over time.

Commit message:

feat: Friendly Analytics instead of Vercel Analytics

content/page/imprint-and-data-protection.mdx, after:

---
title: Imprint and Data Protection
---

## Contact

opensource.construction<br />
8004 Zurich

[info@opensource.construction](mailto:info@opensource.construction)

## Website & Hosting

The design of this website has been developed by [stuiq](https://www.stuiq.ch/).

The content and code of this website is available as open source on [GitHub]() - code licensed as [MIT](https://github.com/opensource-construction/website/blob/main/LICENSE), content under [CC BY-SA 4.0](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/). We invite you to contribute to content or code.

The website is hosted on [Vercel](https://vercel.com).

## Disclaimer

The authorship does not guarantee the correctness, accuracy, timeliness, reliability and completeness of the information. Liability claims regarding damage caused by the use of any information provided, including any kind of information which is incomplete or incorrect, will therefore be rejected. All offers are non-binding. Parts of the pages or the complete publication including all offers and information might be extended, changed or partly or completely deleted by the author without separate announcement.

## Liability for links

References and links to websites of third parties are outside our area of responsibility. We decline any responsibility for such websites. Access to and use of such websites is at the user's own risk.

## Copyrights

The copyrights and all other rights to the content, images, photos or other files on the website belong exclusively to opensource.construction or to the specifically named rights holders. The written consent of the copyright holders must be obtained in advance for the reproduction of any elements.

## Data protection

Based on Article 13 of the Swiss Federal Constitution and the data protection regulations of the Swiss Confederation (Data Protection Act, DSG), every person has the right to protection of their privacy as well as protection against misuse of their personal data. We comply with these provisions. Personal data is treated as strictly confidential and is neither sold nor passed on to third parties.

In close cooperation with our hosting providers, we strive to protect the databases as well as possible against unauthorized access, loss, misuse or falsification.

When you access our web pages, the following data is stored in log files: IP address, date, time, browser request and general transmitted information about the operating system or browser. This usage data forms the basis for statistical, anonymous evaluations, so that trends can be identified, which we can use to improve our offers accordingly.

## Privacy policy

This website uses [Friendly Analytics](https://friendly.ch/en/analytics) for analytics, which is based on Matomo. You can read more in the [Privacy Policy of Friendly Analytics](https://friendly.ch/en/privacy/analytics) and in the [Matomo documentation on privacy](https://matomo.org/guide/manage-matomo/privacy/).

The purpose of us using this software is to understand our website traffic so that we can continually improve our website and business. The lawful basis as per the GDPR is "f); where our legitimate interests are to improve our website and business continually." As per the explanation, no personal data is stored over time.
