content/projects/bldrs.mdx, before:

---
title: Share by bldrs.ai
description: Bldrs specializes in developing web-based CAD collaboration tools designed to meet the needs of modern engineering workflows providing real-time collaboration and visualization capabilities for architects, engineers, and designers.
links:
  - url: http://bldrs.ai
    label: Website
  - url: https://discord.gg/9SxguBkFfQ
    label: Bldrs Discord
  - url: http://github.com/bldrs-ai/Share
    label: Bldrs Share GitHub
  - url: mailto:info@bldrs.ai
    label: info@bldrs.ai
---
<img
  src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/bldrs-ai/Share/main/src/assets/LogoB.svg"
  alt="Logo"
  width="100"
/>

### Problem

Architecture, Engineering and Construction teams have been tethered to outdated
desktop CAD tools, proprietary formats, and sluggish expensive SaaS solutions
with dated file management and minimal support for cross-functional,
cross-format workflows.


### Solution

Bldrs Share provides high-performance browser-based CAD visualization with no
SaaS upload, real-time collaboration and versioning via GitHub with visual issue
tracking, permalinks of pixel-perfect views, and workflow automation.  Across
design and engineering disciplines, Share unlocks a new level of capability in
CAD model collaboration. Share and Conway Engine are designed to bring complex
CAD models to life (supporting IFC/STEP, GLTF, STL, OBJ and more) with the
highest quality and best-in-class performance.


### Why Open Source?

Our mission is to bring the best of IT to AEC, the heart of which is the open
ecosystem that has propelled IT in its amazing growth and development these past
decades.  The AEC industry has only begun to embrace this approach, so it's a
critical time to set the stage for this advancement.  We have decades of
experience in open-source and open-standards projects and are thrilled to join
the emerging AEC open-source community.


### Technology

Share is a web application in React and Three.js/WebGL, client-side file
handling using Origin Private File System (OPFS), no data upload to a SaaS
backend, with support for all major browsers on desktop and mobile Android and
iOS. Optional sign-in to our GitHub integration enables git-based model
versioning, visual issue tracking and large file sharing.

Our Conway CAD engine is built to support the full suite of open standards
within the IFC and STEP families:

- Full IFC 2x3 & 4 coverage: Bindings for 900+ entities across 7,000+ pages of
  IFC specification, with loose and strict parsing validation.

- Engineering-grade code: Includes 500k lines of code in JS, TS and C++, with an
  auto-generated type-safe schema-compliant framework.

- Exhaustive Testing: hundreds of unit tests and a large suite of proprietary
  industrial models for our automated regression and performance testing
  frameworks.

- Fast near-exact CSG: Our cutting-edge implementation of Constructive Solid
  Geometry (CSG) partly based on “Exact predicates, exact constructions and
  combinatorics for mesh CSG” Lévy et al. 2024, with robust handling of
  real-world model data and tailored for the web environment.

- Seamless NURBS and Advanced BREP: Conway ensures smooth handling of
  Non-Uniform Rational B-Splines (NURBS) and Advanced Boundary Representation
  (BREP), with adaptive tesselation preserving accuracy and quality across
  complex geometries to streamline workflows for intricate designs.

- Advanced Model Introspection: Type-safe access and powerful querying including
  geometric relations.

- Enhanced Memory Handling: Enables smooth, lag-free interaction with large,
  highly detailed 3D models across devices, even with complex assets or
  high-poly designs.

- Web Geom: A common core of geometry libraries bundled as a unified WebAssembly
  (WASM) library, including Earcut, Manifold, csgjs-cpp, fast_float, GLM, and
  tinynurbs for robust, high-speed processing.


### License

- Bldrs Share: AGPL
- Conway Engine: AGPL
- Conway Geom: Apache, BSD, BSL, ISC, MIT, MPL, 🐰


### Operating Model

Inspired by the Java Community Process (JCP), our governance model will
emphasize open, structured participation. This process allows regular
contributors to propose new features and platform changes on a consistent
schedule and in a transparent, public setting.


#### How do you maintain and update your solution?

We invite developers, engineers, and open-source enthusiasts to join us in
making Bldrs a powerful, user-driven platform. Here’s how you can participate:

- Review Our Guidelines: Check out our GitHub repository for contribution
guidelines and our roadmap for future features.

- Propose New Features: Submit proposals for new features and platform changes
through our scheduled public review sessions.

- Collaborate and Discuss: Engage in ongoing discussions with other contributors
to refine and improve the Web Geom and its capabilities.


#### How do you earn money?

Bldrs offers:
- A free and open-source version of our core stand-alone product
- A professional version that includes integration with web-services for collaboration
- An enterprise version that includes extended services for collaboration in large teams
- Dual-licensing of core technology for strategic partnerships


### About the Team

Bldrs is a team of builders based in the USA, Australia and Switzerland with a
centurty of combined experience in CAD, IT and Construction.

**Build Every Thing Together!**


### Screenshot of Bldrs Share

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/c49149f5-6816-4d25-9f64-b7d43c63fa2e)

Commit message:

chore:move metadata fields for project maturity and featured status in project MDX files

content/projects/bldrs.mdx, after:

---
title: Share by bldrs.ai
description: Bldrs specializes in developing web-based CAD collaboration tools designed to meet the needs of modern engineering workflows providing real-time collaboration and visualization capabilities for architects, engineers, and designers.
metadata:
  featured: true
  maturity: incubation
links:
  - url: http://bldrs.ai
    label: Website
  - url: https://discord.gg/9SxguBkFfQ
    label: Bldrs Discord
  - url: http://github.com/bldrs-ai/Share
    label: Bldrs Share GitHub
  - url: mailto:info@bldrs.ai
    label: info@bldrs.ai
---

<img
  src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/bldrs-ai/Share/main/src/assets/LogoB.svg"
  alt="Logo"
  width="100"
/>

### Problem

Architecture, Engineering and Construction teams have been tethered to outdated
desktop CAD tools, proprietary formats, and sluggish expensive SaaS solutions
with dated file management and minimal support for cross-functional,
cross-format workflows.

### Solution

Bldrs Share provides high-performance browser-based CAD visualization with no
SaaS upload, real-time collaboration and versioning via GitHub with visual issue
tracking, permalinks of pixel-perfect views, and workflow automation. Across
design and engineering disciplines, Share unlocks a new level of capability in
CAD model collaboration. Share and Conway Engine are designed to bring complex
CAD models to life (supporting IFC/STEP, GLTF, STL, OBJ and more) with the
highest quality and best-in-class performance.

### Why Open Source?

Our mission is to bring the best of IT to AEC, the heart of which is the open
ecosystem that has propelled IT in its amazing growth and development these past
decades. The AEC industry has only begun to embrace this approach, so it's a
critical time to set the stage for this advancement. We have decades of
experience in open-source and open-standards projects and are thrilled to join
the emerging AEC open-source community.

### Technology

Share is a web application in React and Three.js/WebGL, client-side file
handling using Origin Private File System (OPFS), no data upload to a SaaS
backend, with support for all major browsers on desktop and mobile Android and
iOS. Optional sign-in to our GitHub integration enables git-based model
versioning, visual issue tracking and large file sharing.

Our Conway CAD engine is built to support the full suite of open standards
within the IFC and STEP families:

- Full IFC 2x3 & 4 coverage: Bindings for 900+ entities across 7,000+ pages of
  IFC specification, with loose and strict parsing validation.

- Engineering-grade code: Includes 500k lines of code in JS, TS and C++, with an
  auto-generated type-safe schema-compliant framework.

- Exhaustive Testing: hundreds of unit tests and a large suite of proprietary
  industrial models for our automated regression and performance testing
  frameworks.

- Fast near-exact CSG: Our cutting-edge implementation of Constructive Solid
  Geometry (CSG) partly based on “Exact predicates, exact constructions and
  combinatorics for mesh CSG” Lévy et al. 2024, with robust handling of
  real-world model data and tailored for the web environment.

- Seamless NURBS and Advanced BREP: Conway ensures smooth handling of
  Non-Uniform Rational B-Splines (NURBS) and Advanced Boundary Representation
  (BREP), with adaptive tesselation preserving accuracy and quality across
  complex geometries to streamline workflows for intricate designs.

- Advanced Model Introspection: Type-safe access and powerful querying including
  geometric relations.

- Enhanced Memory Handling: Enables smooth, lag-free interaction with large,
  highly detailed 3D models across devices, even with complex assets or
  high-poly designs.

- Web Geom: A common core of geometry libraries bundled as a unified WebAssembly
  (WASM) library, including Earcut, Manifold, csgjs-cpp, fast_float, GLM, and
  tinynurbs for robust, high-speed processing.

### License

- Bldrs Share: AGPL
- Conway Engine: AGPL
- Conway Geom: Apache, BSD, BSL, ISC, MIT, MPL, 🐰

### Operating Model

Inspired by the Java Community Process (JCP), our governance model will
emphasize open, structured participation. This process allows regular
contributors to propose new features and platform changes on a consistent
schedule and in a transparent, public setting.

#### How do you maintain and update your solution?

We invite developers, engineers, and open-source enthusiasts to join us in
making Bldrs a powerful, user-driven platform. Here’s how you can participate:

- Review Our Guidelines: Check out our GitHub repository for contribution
  guidelines and our roadmap for future features.

- Propose New Features: Submit proposals for new features and platform changes
  through our scheduled public review sessions.

- Collaborate and Discuss: Engage in ongoing discussions with other contributors
  to refine and improve the Web Geom and its capabilities.

#### How do you earn money?

Bldrs offers:

- A free and open-source version of our core stand-alone product
- A professional version that includes integration with web-services for collaboration
- An enterprise version that includes extended services for collaboration in large teams
- Dual-licensing of core technology for strategic partnerships

### About the Team

Bldrs is a team of builders based in the USA, Australia and Switzerland with a
centurty of combined experience in CAD, IT and Construction.

**Build Every Thing Together!**

### Screenshot of Bldrs Share

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/c49149f5-6816-4d25-9f64-b7d43c63fa2e)
