content/projects/calc.mdx, before:

---
title: calc
description: Calc helps architects quickly estimate the environmental impact of their early design
links:
  - url: https://github.com/herzogdemeuron/calc
    label: GitHub
---
### Overview
Calc is a tool developed by Herzog de Meuron's Design Technologies Group.

It is meant for architects to rapidly assess the environmental impact of early design phases. The open data approach leverages:

* Autodesk Revit for design authoring
* Directus for centralized database management
* Speckle for geometry snapshot handling and 3D dashboard visuals

### Key Features
👪 Role-based data management with Directus UI

🧱 Custom assemblies using material data and Revit model groups

⛑️ Efficient Revit project breakdown via query templates

💞 Seamless assembly-to-model assignment

🤩 Real-time Revit visualization for model branching and assembly validation

🚀 Automated calculations uploaded to Directus using Calc schema



Please check out the link to the GitHub Repo for more info.

Commit message:

chore:move metadata fields for project maturity and featured status in project MDX files

content/projects/calc.mdx, after:

---
title: calc
description: Calc helps architects quickly estimate the environmental impact of their early design
metadata:
  featured: false
  maturity: incubation
links:
  - url: https://github.com/herzogdemeuron/calc
    label: GitHub
---

### Overview

Calc is a tool developed by Herzog de Meuron's Design Technologies Group.

It is meant for architects to rapidly assess the environmental impact of early design phases. The open data approach leverages:

- Autodesk Revit for design authoring
- Directus for centralized database management
- Speckle for geometry snapshot handling and 3D dashboard visuals

### Key Features

👪 Role-based data management with Directus UI

🧱 Custom assemblies using material data and Revit model groups

⛑️ Efficient Revit project breakdown via query templates

💞 Seamless assembly-to-model assignment

🤩 Real-time Revit visualization for model branching and assembly validation

🚀 Automated calculations uploaded to Directus using Calc schema

Please check out the link to the GitHub Repo for more info.
