content/projects/xeokit.mdx, before:

---
title: xeokit
description: Graphics SDK for Browser-based BIM and AEC Visualization
links:
  - url: https://xeokit.io/
    label: Website
  - url: https://github.com/xeokit
    label: GitHub
---
xeokit is an open-source 3D web graphics SDK from xeolabs & Creoox for BIM and AEC.
Built to view huge models in the browser. Used by industry leaders.

### Problem
The AEC industry faces significant challenges in efficiently visualizing and managing **complex 3D models and BIM data in web** environments. Many existing solutions are resource-intensive, lack support for multiple file formats, or require extensive technical expertise for integration. In addition, concerns are raised about **data ownership, security and privacy**.

### Solution
xeokit SDK is a **high-performance, open-source toolkit** designed for **3D BIM and engineering model client-based visualization** - directly in the browser. You know what happens with your data at all times! Unlike traditional solutions that are resource-heavy, format-restrictive, or require complex server-side setups, xeokit SDK enables **lightweight, efficient, and interactive visualization** without additional software installations.
**Built for the AEC industry** specifically, xeokit SDK supports **large-scale models with high precision**, making it ideal for architects, engineers, and developers who need a seamless and customizable way to integrate 3D BIM data into their web applications.
Key features include:
-	**High-performance** rendering of large models directly in the browser, enabled by a very compact internal geometry format.
-	Support for **Multiple File Formats**: Compatible with various model formats such as IFC (2x3 and 4.3), glTF, OBJ, STL, 3DXML, LAZ/LAS, CityJSON, and XKT, allowing for versatile model integration.
-	**Double-Precision Geometry**: Handles models with double-precision & real-world coordinates, ensuring accurate rendering without loss of precision, even with federated models.
-	**Extensible JavaScript Toolkit**: Offers an extensive and growing library of plugins and tools to accelerate application development, including navigation aids (plan views, section planes, FPN), measurement tools (distance and angle measurement), collaboration features (3D annotations, BCF viewpoints), and various model loaders. For the quick start there is even a ready-to-use simple BIM Viewer.
With these capabilities, xeokit SDK empowers AEC professionals to interact with and analyse their data more efficiently.

### Why Open Source?
By adopting an open-source model, xeokit SDK promotes **transparency, trust, flexibility, and innovation** within the AEC industry. Developers and organizations worldwide can contribute to and benefit from continuous improvements, fostering a **collaborative ecosystem** that drives technological advancement.
Rather than reinventing the wheel, teams can **accelerate development** by building on top of a proven, well-supported solution—delivering value faster and focusing on their core innovations.

### Technology
- Pure **WebGL** for hardware-accelerated 3D rendering
- **JavaScript/TypeScript** for a flexible and extensible API
- Custom **XKT format** for ultra-fast loading of large BIM models
- **IFC, glTF, dotBIM, LAS/LAZ, and more** for multi-format support
- **Event-driven architecture** for seamless interactivity
- **Lightweight and framework-agnostic**, easily integrating with the common web frameworks
- **Distributed via npm and GitHub**, making it easy to integrate into any development workflow

### License
xeokit SDK is distributed under the **Affero GPLv3** License, ensuring that all modifications and derivative works remain open source when distributed. This commitment to openness enhances transparency and collaboration within the community.

### Operating Model
xeokit SDK is a partly **community-driven**, partly **industry-driven** open-source project with **commercial backing from Creoox AG** (https://creoox.com/). While the source code is freely available under Affero GPLv3, organizations can access **commercial support, alternative license, custom integrations, and additional services** to maximize the SDK’s potential. Typical xeokit SDK customers are software providers in the field of CDE platforms, Facility Management, Construction Management, IoT and Infrastructure.

### About the team
xeokit SDK was originally developed by **Lindsay Kay** and is now actively maintained by a **dedicated team of software engineers, xeokit integrators, and AEC industry experts at Creoox AG**, along with contributions from a **growing community of innovators**.
With a strong focus on **technical excellence, open collaboration, and industry-driven innovation**, the team is committed to advancing 3D/BIM technology and empowering AEC professionals worldwide with cutting-edge visualization solutions.

### Contact
For more information or collaboration opportunities, reach out via email at contact@creoox.com or visit our website: xeokit.io.

### Image / Video Footage
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YhVSu5pOsaQ&t=180s
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q9pukZc-6eA
…

Commit message:

Chore/mdx and project setup (#156)
* chore:move metadata fields for project maturity and featured status in project MDX files

* refactor: migrate utility functions to mdxParser and update imports across components

* refactor: update imports and remove unused utility functions + document

* refactor: update mdxParser imports and enhance event loading functionality

* refactor: enhance content loading and validation for new page type in mdxParser

* Adding zod to the project for mdx validation

* refactor: update mdxParser- simplify & refactor

* refactor: replace processPosts with getPosts in FAQPartial component

* refactor: remove zod dependency from package.json

* refactor: implement dynamic page rendering and enhance cluster support in mdxParser

* refactor: update import paths to use new lib structure

* refactor: testing approach with zod validation

* refactor: add vite configuration and update package.json dependencies

* updated lock file

* refactor: update project validation logic and clean up test cases

* refactor: total restructure typing iteration 2: simplify and infer

* fix: update lock file

* refactor: improve event metadata handling and remove unused parser functions

* refactor: standardize mdxParser imports and update related components

* Fix pull issue with project map

* merging from main

* Add duration calculation for events

* Add URL validation for button component links

* Refactor cluster mapping for improved readability

* Add Xeokit project to project map

* Remove project map and update metadata for BetterCorrectFast and xeokit projects

* fix: removed useFormState and ignore type error (needs fixing in the future)

* fix: fixing lock differences

* fix: refactor MDXRemote import and update CustomMDX to use async function

content/projects/xeokit.mdx, after:

---
title: xeokit
description: Graphics SDK for Browser-based BIM and AEC Visualization
metadata:
  featured: false
  maturity: graduated
links:
  - url: https://xeokit.io/
    label: Website
  - url: https://github.com/xeokit
    label: GitHub
---

xeokit is an open-source 3D web graphics SDK from xeolabs & Creoox for BIM and AEC.
Built to view huge models in the browser. Used by industry leaders.

### Problem

The AEC industry faces significant challenges in efficiently visualizing and managing **complex 3D models and BIM data in web** environments. Many existing solutions are resource-intensive, lack support for multiple file formats, or require extensive technical expertise for integration. In addition, concerns are raised about **data ownership, security and privacy**.

### Solution

xeokit SDK is a **high-performance, open-source toolkit** designed for **3D BIM and engineering model client-based visualization** - directly in the browser. You know what happens with your data at all times! Unlike traditional solutions that are resource-heavy, format-restrictive, or require complex server-side setups, xeokit SDK enables **lightweight, efficient, and interactive visualization** without additional software installations.
**Built for the AEC industry** specifically, xeokit SDK supports **large-scale models with high precision**, making it ideal for architects, engineers, and developers who need a seamless and customizable way to integrate 3D BIM data into their web applications.
Key features include:

- **High-performance** rendering of large models directly in the browser, enabled by a very compact internal geometry format.
- Support for **Multiple File Formats**: Compatible with various model formats such as IFC (2x3 and 4.3), glTF, OBJ, STL, 3DXML, LAZ/LAS, CityJSON, and XKT, allowing for versatile model integration.
- **Double-Precision Geometry**: Handles models with double-precision & real-world coordinates, ensuring accurate rendering without loss of precision, even with federated models.
- **Extensible JavaScript Toolkit**: Offers an extensive and growing library of plugins and tools to accelerate application development, including navigation aids (plan views, section planes, FPN), measurement tools (distance and angle measurement), collaboration features (3D annotations, BCF viewpoints), and various model loaders. For the quick start there is even a ready-to-use simple BIM Viewer.
  With these capabilities, xeokit SDK empowers AEC professionals to interact with and analyse their data more efficiently.

### Why Open Source?

By adopting an open-source model, xeokit SDK promotes **transparency, trust, flexibility, and innovation** within the AEC industry. Developers and organizations worldwide can contribute to and benefit from continuous improvements, fostering a **collaborative ecosystem** that drives technological advancement.
Rather than reinventing the wheel, teams can **accelerate development** by building on top of a proven, well-supported solution—delivering value faster and focusing on their core innovations.

### Technology

- Pure **WebGL** for hardware-accelerated 3D rendering
- **JavaScript/TypeScript** for a flexible and extensible API
- Custom **XKT format** for ultra-fast loading of large BIM models
- **IFC, glTF, dotBIM, LAS/LAZ, and more** for multi-format support
- **Event-driven architecture** for seamless interactivity
- **Lightweight and framework-agnostic**, easily integrating with the common web frameworks
- **Distributed via npm and GitHub**, making it easy to integrate into any development workflow

### License

xeokit SDK is distributed under the **Affero GPLv3** License, ensuring that all modifications and derivative works remain open source when distributed. This commitment to openness enhances transparency and collaboration within the community.

### Operating Model

xeokit SDK is a partly **community-driven**, partly **industry-driven** open-source project with **commercial backing from Creoox AG** (https://creoox.com/). While the source code is freely available under Affero GPLv3, organizations can access **commercial support, alternative license, custom integrations, and additional services** to maximize the SDK’s potential. Typical xeokit SDK customers are software providers in the field of CDE platforms, Facility Management, Construction Management, IoT and Infrastructure.

### About the team

xeokit SDK was originally developed by **Lindsay Kay** and is now actively maintained by a **dedicated team of software engineers, xeokit integrators, and AEC industry experts at Creoox AG**, along with contributions from a **growing community of innovators**.
With a strong focus on **technical excellence, open collaboration, and industry-driven innovation**, the team is committed to advancing 3D/BIM technology and empowering AEC professionals worldwide with cutting-edge visualization solutions.

### Contact

For more information or collaboration opportunities, reach out via email at contact@creoox.com or visit our website: xeokit.io.

### Image / Video Footage

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YhVSu5pOsaQ&t=180s
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q9pukZc-6eA
…
