content/events/20250202-aec-hackathon-zurich-2025.mdx, before:

---
title: AEC Hackathon – Zurich Edition 2025
event:
  start: 2025-02-07
  duration:
    days: 2
  status: CONFIRMED
links:
  - url: https://eventfrog.ch/de/p/wissenschaft-und-technik/aec-hackathon-zurich-edition-2025-7270451391507675969.html
    label: Get your ticket
---

![AEC Hackathon - Zurich Edition](/images/events/20250207_AEC-Hackathon-ZurichV2.png "AEC Hackathon - Zurich Edition")

Our first hackathon in Zurich was a huge success with over 250 attendees. We are super happy that we managed to bring the same energy and innovation to our recent Hackathon in Munich, organised together with the TUM Venture Lab. 
And now it's time to roll up our sleeves again and get to work in Zurich!

This time, the [Institute for Digital Construction and Wood Industry](https://www.bfh.ch/en/research/research-areas/institute-digital-construction-wood-industry/) from Berner Fachhochschule, led by Katharina Lindenberg, will join us as Key Partner for the Friday session. In this session, we will investigate the potential for code-based collaboration in the wood industry. Can this kind of collaboration help to secure the technological advantages of the swiss timber industry? Come by and find out with us! 

From February 07-09, 2025, expect a thrilling event where the brightest minds in Architecture, Engineering, and Construction come together to innovate and collaborate. It will be a weekend filled with creative problem-solving, hands-on workshops, and opportunities to network with industry leaders and experts committed to driving innovation in the AEC sector.

Whether you're a seasoned professional or a passionate student, this hackathon is your chance to shape the future of the AEC industry.

<Button
  target="https://eventfrog.ch/de/p/wissenschaft-und-technik/aec-hackathon-zurich-edition-2025-7270451391507675969.html"
  label="Get your ticket here"
  type="primary"
  icon="right"
/>

## Organiser

This event is proudly organised by opensource.construction together with ZHAW Winterthur (location host) and the Institute for Digital Construction and Wood Industry from Berner Fachhochschule (key partner). 

## Location

<p>The event will take place in Halle 180 from ZHAW in Winterthur.</p>
Exact adress: Tössfeldstrasse 11 / 8400 Winterthur – Switzerland


## Date

February 07-09, 2025

## Event Agenda (preliminary)

<p>The event will be kicked-off with a symposium on Friday afternoon.</p>
<p>The Hackathon itself starts on Friday evening 17:30 and ends Sunday at around 17:00.</p>


## Day 1: Friday, February 07

- 13:00         Doors open
- **13:30 – 14:00 Welcome from the organisers: The potential of code-based collaboration for the Swiss Wood Industry**
- **14:00 – 15:15 Insights into the practice of a digital wood industry**
  - We will hear insights from J. Wiesinger (Gropyus), E. Augustynowicz (BFH) and companies like Cadwork, Technowood and others. Stay tuned, we will publish more details soon.

- 15:15 - 15:30 Coffee Break

- **15:30 - 16:15 Break-out sessions > learn hands-on with the experts**
  - LCA and data availability (L. Trümpler, LT+ / H. Schmid, lignum)
  - Knowledge Bases: Materialarchiv, Holzbaukultur.ch, Prix Lignum Archiv (ZHAW)
  - Prefab Construction Supply Chain (Y. Moradi, MOD)
  - What’s the missing part for enabling automated planning processes in timber buildings? (J. Wiesinger, gropyus)
  - Open Source as a driver to secure the locational advantages of Swiss Timber Industry (M. Vomhof, opensource.construction)

- 16:15 - 16:30 	Coffee Break

- **16:30 - 17:15 	Presentation & Discussion Break-out session**

**&gt;&gt;&gt; START HACKATHON &lt;&lt;&lt;**

- 17:30 – 18:15   Welcome, Intro to the Hackathon and presentation of Partner Challenges
- 18:15 – 21:00   Team Formation and Brainstorming Sessions

## Day 2: Saturday, February 08

- 09:00 – 12:00  Hacking
- 12:00 – 13:00  Lunch Break
- 13:00 – 18:00  Hacking and Tech-Talks
- 18:00 – 20:00  Dinner and Networking

## Day 3: Sunday, February 09

- 09:00 – 12:00  Final Hacking Session
- 12:00 – 13:00  Lunch Break
- 13:00 – 16:00  Project Presentations and Judging
- 16:00 – 17:00  Award Ceremony
- 17:00 – 18:00  Closing Remarks and Networking

## Contact Us

For more information about sponsorship or partnership opportunities, please contact Max at [max@opensource.construction](mailto:max@opensource.construction).

We look forward to seeing you in Winterthur for a weekend of innovation, collaboration, and groundbreaking solutions!

<Button
  target="https://eventfrog.ch/de/p/wissenschaft-und-technik/aec-hackathon-zurich-edition-2025-7270451391507675969.html"
  label="Get your ticket here"
  type="primary"
  icon="right"
/>

Commit message:

Update 20250202-aec-hackathon-zurich-2025.mdx (#155)
* Update 20250202-aec-hackathon-zurich-2025.mdx

updated schedule

* Update 20250202-aec-hackathon-zurich-2025.mdx

content/events/20250202-aec-hackathon-zurich-2025.mdx, after:

---
title: AEC Hackathon – Zurich Edition 2025
event:
  start: 2025-02-07
  duration:
    days: 2
  status: CONFIRMED
links:
  - url: https://eventfrog.ch/de/p/wissenschaft-und-technik/aec-hackathon-zurich-edition-2025-7270451391507675969.html
    label: Get your ticket
---

![AEC Hackathon - Zurich Edition](/images/events/20250207_AEC-Hackathon-ZurichV2.png "AEC Hackathon - Zurich Edition")

Our first hackathon in Zurich was a huge success with over 250 attendees. We are super happy that we managed to bring the same energy and innovation to our recent Hackathon in Munich, organised together with the TUM Venture Lab. 
And now it's time to roll up our sleeves again and get to work in Zurich!

This time, the [Institute for Digital Construction and Wood Industry](https://www.bfh.ch/en/research/research-areas/institute-digital-construction-wood-industry/) from Berner Fachhochschule, led by Katharina Lindenberg, will join us as Key Partner for the Friday session. In this session, we will investigate the potential for code-based collaboration in the wood industry. Can this kind of collaboration help to secure the technological advantages of the swiss timber industry? Come by and find out with us! 

From February 07-09, 2025, expect a thrilling event where the brightest minds in Architecture, Engineering, and Construction come together to innovate and collaborate. It will be a weekend filled with creative problem-solving, hands-on workshops, and opportunities to network with industry leaders and experts committed to driving innovation in the AEC sector.

Whether you're a seasoned professional or a passionate student, this hackathon is your chance to shape the future of the AEC industry.

<Button
  target="https://eventfrog.ch/de/p/wissenschaft-und-technik/aec-hackathon-zurich-edition-2025-7270451391507675969.html"
  label="Get your ticket here"
  type="primary"
  icon="right"
/>

## Organiser

This event is proudly organised by opensource.construction together with ZHAW Winterthur (location host) and the Institute for Digital Construction and Wood Industry from Berner Fachhochschule (key partner). 

## Location

<p>The event will take place in Halle 180 from ZHAW in Winterthur.</p>
Exact adress: Tössfeldstrasse 11 / 8400 Winterthur – Switzerland


## Date

February 07-09, 2025

## Event Agenda (preliminary)

<p>The event will be kicked-off with a symposium on Friday afternoon.</p>
<p>The Hackathon itself starts on Friday evening 17:30 and ends Sunday at around 17:00.</p>


## Day 1: Friday, February 07, afternoon session
## Symposium: The potential of code-based collaboration for the Swiss Wood Industry
We kick things off with an inspiring symposium, where we investigate the possibilities to develop competitive advantages for companies through collaboration on software projects and other digital transformation efforts.
- 13:00         Doors open
- **13:30 – 14:00 Welcome from the organisers: The potential of code-based collaboration for the Swiss Wood Industry**
- **14:00 – 15:15 Insights into the practice of a digital wood industry**
  - We will hear insights from J. Wiesinger (Gropyus), E. Augustynowicz (BFH) and companies like Cadwork, Technowood and others. Stay tuned, we will publish more details soon.

- 15:15 - 15:30 Coffee Break

- **15:30 - 16:15 Break-out sessions > learn hands-on with the experts**
  - LCA and data availability (L. Trümpler, LT+ / H. Schmid, lignum)
  - Knowledge Bases: Materialarchiv, Holzbaukultur.ch, Prix Lignum Archiv (ZHAW)
  - Prefab Construction Supply Chain (Y. Moradi, MOD)
  - What’s the missing part for enabling automated planning processes in timber buildings? (J. Wiesinger, gropyus)
  - Open Source as a driver to secure the locational advantages of Swiss Timber Industry (M. Vomhof, opensource.construction)

- 16:15 - 16:30 	Coffee Break

- **16:30 - 17:15 	Presentation & Discussion Break-out session**

## Day 1: Friday, February 07, evening session
## Hackathon
The Hackathon starts on Friday evening. The Hackathon itself is not related to the afternoon's symposium. The beauty of the event is that a variety of different people get together and get to hack with others from outside their organisation / "bubble". 
There will be four sponsored challenges (announcements will follow soon). Participants have the possibility to announce their own challenge spontaneously as well. If you are considering to bring your own challenge, please get in touch with Max at [max@opensource.construction](mailto:max@opensource.construction).

- 17:30 – 18:15   Welcome, Intro to the Hackathon and presentation of Partner Challenges
- 18:15 – 21:00   Team Formation and Brainstorming Sessions

## Day 2: Saturday, February 08

- 09:00 – 12:00  Hacking
- 12:00 – 13:00  Lunch Break
- 13:00 – 18:00  Hacking and Tech-Talks
- 18:00 – 20:00  Dinner and Networking

## Day 3: Sunday, February 09

- 09:00 – 12:00  Final Hacking Session
- 12:00 – 13:00  Lunch Break
- 13:00 – 16:00  Project Presentations and Judging
- 16:00 – 17:00  Award Ceremony
- 17:00 – 18:00  Closing Remarks and Networking

## Contact Us

For more information about sponsorship or partnership opportunities, please contact Max at [max@opensource.construction](mailto:max@opensource.construction).

We look forward to seeing you in Winterthur for a weekend of innovation, collaboration, and groundbreaking solutions!

<Button
  target="https://eventfrog.ch/de/p/wissenschaft-und-technik/aec-hackathon-zurich-edition-2025-7270451391507675969.html"
  label="Get your ticket here"
  type="primary"
  icon="right"
/>
